{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
What is the problem to fix? \
My roommates and I have no 
\f1\i simple 
\f0\i0 way of tracking who did what, in terms of chores. The purpose of the project is to fix this problem. Target audience is my roommates. Expected outcome: a platform in which  my roommates and I are able to create an account each and log information on chores.\
\
What are the objectives?\
Clearly I would need database for storing the user information, chores, log files, and logged activity. I will also need a UI to display all this information to the users, with simple interface to allow for users to track activity on the app.\
\
What are the requirements?\
A registration interface, users can create an account with their respective personal information, then log into the app and view the type of chore to track. Users can then add a new log to the chore in which they specify the chore type, date and time, and upload it to the system. Then other users can view this change next time the app is loaded. \
\
What is the timeline?\
This would ideally be done as quickly as possible. Realistically speaking, this could take more than one month. As I have no experience with working with databases.\
\
To think about:\
- Will I use any frameworks?\
- What database to use, how to link it to what I have?\
- What will the project run on? An application? A .exe? Jar file? Website? \
\
What we learn:\
- DOM vs HTML\
- Imperative vs declarative programming\
- React -> declarative UI javascript library\
- Adding react to project with \'91unpkg\'92\
- Javascript vs JSX\
- Why we need Babble\
- Browser lack a Javascript compiler\
- React component is a function that returns UI elements.\
- React components must be capitalized to be distinguished from HTML and Javascript + <Component />\
\
\
What to revise/improve/potential mistakes:\
-Weaving in and out of JSX and Javascript land with curly braces\
- state, props, components\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}